Added Deliverables and Modified Section 4.3.2 #374 #375 (#377)
liatrio/devops-bootcamp: docs/4-cloud-computing/4.3.2-virtual-machines.md

  - npm init
  - npm install express -y
  - nodejs index.js
```

4. Generate some temporary SSH keys to use for the new VM. You can use the SSH key from your machine as well if you'd like.

5. Create a resource group from Azure CLI.

6. Create a VM using Azure CLI that uses the cloud-init script you created from step 3.

```bash
az vm -h
```

?> It might take several minutes for cloud-init to install packages and perform updates. This is especially true for small instance sizes!

> ?> You may need to pass in the config file as base 64 encoded instead of txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> You may need to pass in the config file as base64 encoded
```

7. Use Azure CLI to get the public IP for your new VM. For bonus points, use Azure CLI query commands to assign the public IP into a variable we can use in subsequent steps. You can [look here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/vm?view=azure-cli-latest) for VM specific CLI command references.

8. Make sure you can SSH into the VM using the private key from step 4.

9. When the VM was deployed a default NSG was attached to the VM's NIC. Use Azure CLI to open up web traffic to the VM.

> 10. Test you can reach the website using CURL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Test you can reach the website using cURL.
```
technically written as [cURL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CURL)
